halli hello and welcome to 21
follow that fifa 13 road to glory and yes
Of course we will start today as usual
currently with our italy team cera
and with a new buy that pretty much
many have demanded and that the
gentlemen arturo vidal is and indeed for
9,600 30 years can be I am too
has paid a lot , however, is synonymous
not so bad because we are leaving too
directly into the first play com went in
very very strong bbl team behind
with company formal check in front
balotelli storage avignon or behind
to santi cazorla fellaini and the like
is the name of the typical cliché and richards
otherwise very strong and otherwise
also exaggerated expensive bbl team
and yes it starts, however
pretty good blatant errors from him and
Miccoli gets the chance of course
do not take and clearly you can say
I have one or the other
The last ones are followed by the comments
written on that is real that way
People with really good teams are not
I think so much more
which always only open packs
or so, but I 'm sure to get up
sometimes you get those too
teams right on the sack so right
usually no idea if you have such a
In any case, it can be ascended yes
significantly seen clearly seen
been the last episodes that
yes i was not quite successful in
league two so far even if I believe in
the last episode
I was happy to have played believe
lost and 1 won or so many
fell muriel then the 2 0 after
a strange counter as site
so my round on defensive cash
but the first shot on our gate and
yes not set but is the
kirchenburg is because it runs counter
about lulic and here somehow does
suddenly turned offside
dumb action flank comes muriel muriel
I do not care 30 and a little
preliminary decision because I was indeed
on one side, I'm pretty sure
that will win on the other side then
but not because I know myself
best way he is not irritated 0-prominence
give out of hand after the 14 0 the
but that's what happens after the Dalai Lama
shown little has what you look on
403 can always be happy with him
Muriel once miccoli and that was the
actually eaten
second start accordingly with this
hammer hereof otherwise 25 meters
and he slams the part into the mesh 1
It is not even against chimney
but everything in it is gate
then sets only once is new here
more democratic and then he switched in
cash and yes the guy was on everyone
give up at the time he is
still played but you have
clearly not seen that way anymore
the great belief was lamela
yesterday's 2 by then and the flick
and become miccoli with the ces
beautiful gate
unfortunately god was again texter and yes
then I have a bit of a lamela
the tricks of violence in the next
There is definitely a situation here
a free kick of 32 meters and a
quiz and microglia tower over free kick
does that try you and times
the part of the sensational bangs
Angling absolute dream gate
I think I do not suffer one
my first free good i have
maybe two three four five pieces
so far made pure but with a
the most beautiful in the kink purely
and then with a bit of luck with the
with the back of the Czech Republic
could be that the most beautiful was
maybe so far the red cross though
were already a few think so
I did not look at it all again
Muriel again after a solo and
mikroglia then it will be slow
quite clear 70
and at the latest in this situation 90
minutes you realize how he gave himself up
has been making willingen eigentor and then
from an incredibly sharp angle
miccoli actually meets the 80th
and so the first part ends of course
So that means of course it ends
although yes surprisingly with a victory
18.00 several times mikroglia muriel me
faith micro taught fathers and only three
or so and once fernandez so probably
that got 23 to five
shot on goal 18 23 goal or something like me
think that is quite clear and so
we are now league one and have
exactly one game time at three points
to achieve and title and thus
somehow 8000 konz then increased
this team comes a 3-4-3 with the front
resale sanchez and in defense
pike and superstition from april then
everything is possible behind it
and in the gate wdr de gea and you know yes
my dislike to her out of the one
Episode and then it comes pretty
strong shots by sanchez de
possibly durable the kilburg is called
In any case, I thought of the team
also shit against 3 back so against
three from behind and wing players
you're never before along well
come
that can be funny, especially since I am
only have this one and this one
play to get the league title
I have a score of 14 points seventeen
One might need close for the title
become
However, the title would be a sensation
bit shit for us as we do
actually started purely and yes
let's see what can be done there
three girls then here with wonderful
Tricks and at the end he failed
a pretty weak shot
you probably start with a powershot
have to
but as in distress as I actually
I finally did not think
here miccoli fails and now it gets
quite strange people because it is then
not always because coming in
somehow the ball lands in the goal at the end
and Miccoli the scorer is probably so
a very very sick one is pretty much one
the strangest thing yet achieved in fifa
have or have conceded so itself
no matter we take everything we have today
can get two to one and yes he
I wanted to be serious like him anyway
fails so it was falcao switched
easy with your head ball then not
belongs
fernandez then checks dpa again
a class reflex and yes it works
play with 2 1 in the break at the time
we not only win hearts but we
also league title winner and thus
Make us a lot of man's amount
at least two starts fernandez
with this dream pass for muriel and the
Can not take that thing in
to shoot the kink and again I was
a bit braver as you can see
with the Torjubel because that can always
very soon , the child would have one
twice embarrassing if the opponent then
again comes back who knows how the
1 to 1 and then find something surprising
I give up against how are league
have become master and have with it
somehow 8 or 10,000 has come yes
also no matter and yes with it is seen
both in league one again if that's you
worthy celebration was with over 1 comment
and a rating happy and otherwise
Let's listen to the next one as I said
video again then in division no
and yes, we'll take a quick look
top right the city ​​as it looks
22 victories and three defeats
until then people